---
layout: post
title: 2nd Blog Post
---
First off, I would like to agree with [Noah](http://noahmcmlln.github.io/blog/2016-02-03/code-and-anger.html) and state that last week's lesson was very helpful.  Having a day to just ask questions and figure stuff out was very beneficial to me since I was unable to attend class the week before because of the stomach flu.  That being said, I still feel quite overwhelmed.  I still have to do some of Week 2 Dailies and Week 3.  I attempt them at home, but I find myself getting frustrated and confused and then having to put it down and walk away for a while.  Last week I attended the Thursday Lab hours, which was helpful, but like [Kelly](http://kellypolasek.github.io/blog/2016-02-03/Coding-Blog.html), I was feeling "zombified" by the end of class. 

I know we are moving slower than Scott originally planned, but I still feel like there is a lot to remember each class period.  I am getting better at taking detailed notes on my computer to try and remember everything we learn, and revisiting Scott's blog post, github notes, and coding videos is IMMENSELY helpful.  Coding is definitely out of my comfort zone, but I am hoping in a couple of weeks, I feel a little more comfortable with the programs so I am not panicking every week.  After the first week on p5 I was feeling really confident.  I am a math teacher who plots points on a weekly basis, so I was thinking it was going to be easy.  Moving everything to Atom has shown me that I was mistaken.  Even though everything is in math terms: x-values, y-values, coordinates, etc.  The inside outside function is still causing me to struggle.    

I would like to give a shout out to everyone in the class.  Everyone is so helpful! I think it is amazing that people are coming during open lab hours, or during their free time to help.  Also, all of the positive and helpful remarks on Slack make me feel like I am not alone in this endeavor.  I am also a little relieved that I am not the only one that is feeling like they are struggling and overwhelmed.  I am hoping that in a couple of weeks we are all feeling a little better though!
