---
title: Progress
layout: post
---
As [Aden](http://adenj86.github.io/blog/2016-04-06/Makey-Makey-Eggs-And-Breaky.html) mentioned, I am also quite happy to have all of my coding submitted.  While it was quite challenging, the sense of successful completion makes me extremely ecstatic.  The not pacman was more challenging than I was expecting.  I naively thought that since I had all the components coded separately in different Dailies, it wouldn’t be too difficult inputting them all into the not pacman code, let’s just say I was extremely mistaken.  Once I finished my code, I was getting frustrated to go all the way to the end of the game to make sure my code was working properly, then David smartly suggested changing my initial balls to 2 instead of 20, so the game stops after I destroy the 2.  That was a big time savor! David and I were able to talk through my code and validating everything, as I have mentioned in previous posts, really helped me successfully understand my code and not mess up too much.  

Moving on to the Makey Makey project, I got together with David and Adina on Thursday last week and Monday this week and we were able to complete our demonstration and a rough outline of our written portion.  As much as I enjoy class, having those 4 hours to work on our project made the project more enjoyable and less stressful.  We still had our struggles, as one does when dealing with coding and technology, but we persevered and I am excited about our project.  

Reading everyone’s blog posts I am also excited to see everyone’s projects.  The excitement, frustration, and wanting to keep parts of the project a surprise, as [Noah]( http://noahmcmlln.github.io/blog/2016-04-06/progress-process.html) and [Diana]( http://dianarosenberger.github.io/blog/2016-04-06/week10post1.html) mentioned, makes me look forward to the demonstrations tomorrow.  

Now to start thinking about my final project… 
