---
layout: post
title: A Peaceful Journey
---
So one of the goals I mentioned in my last blog post was to post before 10 o’clock tonight…clearly that didn’t happen.  I went to the doctors today because I have been sick all week, and I have the flu! So that being said, I probably won’t be at school tomorrow unless my fever breaks, so if anyone wants to get together a lot next week to code let me know!  

Ok, moving on to my post. Since we didn’t code two weeks ago, I want to discuss gaming and *Journey*.  I really like what [Todd]( http://tbreijak.github.io/blog/2016-03-23/Interaction-in-Journey.html) said in his post about the interactions in *Journey*.  Even though we couldn’t verbally communicate with our “friend” in the game, we were still able to interact with them. I really liked how kind and patient our friend was; they waited for us to figure out stuff in the game and didn’t leave us behind.  I am typically not a gamer, but *Journey* is just a game that make me feel happy and I will definitely play it again.  It is just so peaceful! You can play with others and help others, or do it on your own if you prefer, and I LOVED the music! Even though I wasn’t the best at the game, I didn’t get super frustrated because there was no pressure from the game.  It didn’t have a count down timer, or a map telling us exactly where to go or what to do.  The game allowed us to figure stuff out and have our own experience.  I feel that no matter how many times you play the game, you will have a different experience each time.  I really can’t say enough positive things about *Journey*!   

Moving on to a little bit about coding.  I didn’t get a chance to work on NotPacman over break as [David]( http://davidlnowak.github.io/blog/2016-03-23/post-week9-coding.html) did, so hopefully I can complete it once I am feeling better.  I am excited and nervous to move away from JavaScript (definitely more nervous though), and am interested to see what the next project will be.  
