---
layout: post
title: Week 5 Coding Blog
---
First off, [Noah](http://noahmcmlln.github.io/blog/2016-02-10/potential-intimidation-procrastination.html), I feel the same way you do.  Coding is still intimidating! I am hoping that one week I will go home and when I look at my Dailies I will feel confident and excited.  Right now I am struggling just to do the basic task.  I also feel the stress of only completing the first two weeks of Dailies.  I still haven't gotten the ball to continuously bounce in a diagonal, let alone move two of my shapes.  I need to catch up, and am thankful we have open lab tomorrow as well as a day to ask questions and work on our tasks.  
Every week in lab I feel like I understand what Scott is saying, I leave feeling confident on completing the weeks Dailies, then I get home and look at my JavaScript code and am completely lost again. I am pretty envious of [David](http://davidlnowak.github.io/blog/2016-02-10/post-week4-coding.html) who is a pro at coding, and is already looping! Thankfully he is extremely helpful and willing to meet up with anyone to give tips. I also like how he mentioned connecting our coding with theory and work in the field.  I know I am not to that level of attempt yet, but it is a thought to keep in mind as we continue with our semester.
The hardest thing for me right now is just getting caught up.  This semester has already been extremely tough for me.  During the first five weeks I have had the stomach flu, and on Sunday my Grandpa passed away up north. So I have had an unexpected sickness, travel, and grief.  All of this while teaching full time and taking another class.  I am hoping that soon I can really devote some serious time to my dailies and coding, and not just doing the basic tasks, but enhancing them and having fun with them!      
